we need to talk when i go to starbucks
try to get some work done
[Music]
one of my work on today today I am
writing despots today and I am on a new
epoch boats from my website I'm
answering a ton of email to work for
clients so probably not super exciting
stuff for the world at large but for me
this is awesome we're about halfway
there where's my articles are about two
to three thousand words some closer to
five thousand so by half way there right
now this is so random like freaking love
content marketing I just think that it's
the best way to build trust the best way
to build permission to sell of like an
alive the lighting is kind of nice in
here I know if you guys can hear me but
decent logic and I think there's a
difference right you can master copy
writing which is actually selling
whereas content marketing is just
building that relationship providing so
much value that when somebody reaches
the copywriting when they read that
advertising copy it's a no-brainer to
buy something quite so I've been here
for about an hour finally finished up
this post let's send off the first draft
this is how they started right this is
how it always starts just me with
another blank page the blog post and
writing for depositphotos always service
just like this there's nothing special
about this there's no secret like it's
just about putting my bucket seat doing
the work every single day and quickly
that blank page becomes this and when
that because this which turns into this
and that we're done today so victory
looks like right there folks
my legs don't even work I haven't gotten
nothing like three hours been writing
all right I gotta head into the gym get
a quick workout in then it's back home
with the family by twelve-thirty in the
rest of the day family day that was
terrible on overhead presses pull-ups
rose and a bunch other nonsense from
those bikes prints at the end frickin
kill me every time every single time now
going ride a my family having worked
train my body good to great day let's go
inside and get the meat for frickin
surely good night good
the wrong and I just want to in my car
by wrong all right we're going for it
camera out don't care don't care go made
it
[Music]